 Dark star crashes, pouring its light into ashes.
Reason tatters, the forces tear loose from the axis.
Searchlight casting for faults in the clouds of delusion.
Shall we go, you and I while we can
Through the transitive nightfall of diamonds?

Mirror shatters in formless reflections of matter.
Glass hand dissolving to ice petal flowers revolving.
Lady in velvet recedes in the nights of goodbye.
Shall we go, you and I while we can
Through the transitive nightfall of diamonds?

Long distance runner, what you standin' there for?
Get up, get out, get out of the door
Your playin' cold music on the barroom floor
Drowned in your laughter and dead to the core.
There's a dragon with matches that's loose on the town
Takes a whole pail of water just to cool him down.

Fire! Fire on the mountain!

Almost ablaze still you don't feel the heat
It takes all you got just to stay on the beat.
You say it's a livin', we all gotta eat
But you're here alone, there's no one to compete.
If Mercy's a bus'ness, I wish it for you
More than just ashes when your dreams come true.

Fire! Fire on the mountain!

Long distance runner, what you holdin' out for?
Caught in slow motion in a dash for the door.
The flame from your stage has now spread to the floor
You gave all you had. Why you wanna give more?
The more that you give, the more it will take
To the thin line beyond which you really can't fake.

Fire! Fire on the mountain!

In another times forgotten space
Your eyes looked from your mother's face
Wallflower seed on the sand and stone
May the four winds blow you safely home.

Roll away the dew
Roll away the dew
Roll away the dew
Roll away the dew

I'll tell you where the four winds dwell
In Franklin's tower there hangs a bell
It can ring, turn night to day
It can ring like fire when you loose your way.

Roll away the dew
Roll away the dew
Roll away the dew
Roll away the dew

God save the child that rings that bell
It may have one good ring, baby, you can't tell
One watch by night, one watch by day
If you get confused listen to the music play.

(instrumental)

Some come to laugh their past away
Some come to make it just one more day
Whichever way your pleasure tends
If you plant ice you're gonna harvest the wind.

Roll away the dew
Roll away the dew
Roll away the dew
Roll away the dew

In Franklin's tower the four winds sleep
Like four lean hounds the lighthouse keep
Wildflower seed on the sand and wind
May the four winds blow you home again.

Roll away the dew
Roll away the dew
Roll away the dew
You'd better roll away the dew

Roll away the dew
Roll away the dew
Roll away the dew
You'd better roll away the dew - roll away.

On the day when I was born Daddy sat down and cried.
I had the mark just as plain as day; which could not be denied.
They say that Cain caught Abel rollin' loaded dice;
Ace of Spades behind his ear and him not thinkin' twice.

Halfstep, Mississippi uptown toodeloo Hello, baby, I'm gone, goodbye
Half a cup of Rock and Rye. Farewell to you old Southern skies
I'm on my way, on my way.

If all you got to live for is what you left behind,
Get yourself a powder charge and seal that silver mine.
Lost my boots in transit, baby, pile of smokin' leather.
I nailed a retread to my feet and prayed for better weather.

Halfstep, Mississippi uptown toodeloo Hello, baby, I'm gone, goodbye
Half a cup of Rock and Rye. Farewell to you old Southern skies
I'm on my way, on my way.

They say that when your ship comes in, the first man takes the sails;
What's the point of callin' shots; this cue ain't straight in line.
Cue ball's made of styrofoam and no one's got the time.

Halfstep, Mississippi uptown toodeloo Hello, baby, I'm gone, goodbye
Half a cup of Rock and Rye. Farewell to you old Southern skies
I'm on my way, on my way.

Across the Rio Grandeeo, Across the lazy river.

As I was walkin' 'round Grosvenor Square
Not a chill to the winter but a nip to the air,
From the other direction, she was calling my eye,
It could be an illusion, but I might as well try, might as well try.

She had rings on her fingers and bells on her shoes.
And I knew without askin' she was into the blues.
She wore scarlet begonias tucked into her curls,
I knew right away she was not like other girls, other girls.

In the thick of the evening when the dealing got rough,
She was too pat to open and too cool to bluff.
As I picked up my matches and was closing the door,
I had one of those flashes I'd been there before, been there before.

Well, I ain't always right but I've never been wrong.
Seldom turns out the way it does in a song.
Once in a while you get shown the light
In the strangest of places if you look at it right.

Well there ain't nothing wrong with the way she moves,
Scarlet begonias or a touch of the blues.
And there's nothing wrong with the look that's in her eyes,

Wind in the willow's playin' "Tea for Two";
The sky was yellow and the sun was blue,
Strangers stoppin' strangers just to shake their hand,
Everybody's playing in the heart of gold band, heart of gold band.

I was born in the desert Raised in a lion's den
I was born in the desert Raised in a lion's den
Oh, my number one occupation is stealing women from their men

Well, I'm a wanted man in Texas, busted jail and I'm gone for good.
Said, I'm a wanted man in Texas, busted jail and I'm gone for good.
Well, the sheriff couldn't catch me,
But his little girl sure wish she could.

Well now the doctor call me crazy, sometimes I am, sometimes I ain't,
Said now the doctor call me crazy, sometimes I am, sometimes I ain't,
Yes, and the preacher man call me sinner
But his little girl call me saint.

Well a couple shots of whiskey women `round here start looking good,
I said a couple shots of whiskey women `round here start looking good,
A couple more shots of whiskey, I'm going down to Minglewood.

Said, I was born in the desert Raised in a lion's den
Said, I was born in the desert Raised in a lion's den
Yes and my number one occupation is stealing women from their men

I was born in the desert Raised in a lion's den
Oh, my number one occupation is stealing women from their men

I had a hard run, runnin' from your window.
I was all night running, running, Lord I wonder if you care,
I had a run in, run around, and run down.
Run around the corner, corner, Lord run smack in to a tree.

I had to move, really had to move,
That's why if you please, I am on my bendin' knees,
Bertha don't you come around here anymore.

Dressed myself in green, I went down unto the sea.
Try to see what's goin' down, try to read between the lines.
I had a feelin' I was fallin', fallin', fallin',
I turned around to see,
Heard a voice al callin', Lord you was commin' after me.

I had to move, really had to move,
That's why if you please, I am on my bendin knees,
Bertha don't you come around here anymore.

Ran into a rainstorm, I ducked back into Novato.
It's all night pourin', pourin', pourin',
Lord but not a drop on me.
Test me, test me,
Test me, test me, test me,
Why don't you arrest me?
Throw me in to the jailhouse,
Lord until the sun goes down, 'till it goes down.

I had to move, really had to move,
That's why if you please, I am on my bendin' knees,
Bertha don't you come around here anymore.

I had to move, really had to move,
That's why if you please, I am on my bendin' knees,
Bertha don't you come around here anymore.

Big boss man, can't you hear me when I call?
Big boss man, can't you hear me when I call?
You ain't so big, you just tall, that's just about all.

You got me working boss man, a workin' around the clock,
I want a little drink of whiskey, you sure won't let me stop.
Big boss man, can't you hear me when I call?
You ain't so big, you just tall, that's just about all.

I'm gonna get me a boss man, one gonna treat me right,
I work hard in the daytime, sure get drunk at night.

You ain't so big, you just tall, that's just about all.

Well I taught that weeping willow how to cry cry cry,
Taught the clouds how to cover up a clear blue sky.
Tears I cried for that woman are gonna flood you big river,
And I'm a gonna sit right here until I die.

I met her accidentally in St. Paul, Minnesota,
She tore me up everything I heard her drawl, that southern drawl.
Well I heard my dream went back downstream, cavortin' in Davenport,
And I follow you big river when you called.

Well I followed her down to St. Louie, later on down the river,
Trader said she's been here, but she's gone, boy, she's gone.
Well I followed her down to Memphis, but she just walked off the bus,
She raised a few eyebrows and she went on down alone.

Well I've gotten on down to Baton Rouge, River Queen roll on,
Take that woman down to New Orleans, New Orleans.
I give up, I've had enough, followed my blues on down to the gulf,
She loves you big river more than me.

All I know is something like a bird within her sang,
All I know she sang a little while and then flew on,
Tell me all that you know, I'll show you snow and rain.

If you hear that same sweet song again, will you know why?
Anyone who sings a tune so sweet is passin' by,
Laugh in the sunshine, sing, cry in the dark, fly through the night.

Don't cry now, don't you cry, don't you cry anymore.
Sleep in the stars, don't you cry, dry your eyes on the wind.

All I know is something like a bird within her sang,
All I know she sang a little while and then flew off,
Tell me all that you know, I'll show you snow and rain.

You're bringing me down, I'm running aground,
Blind in the lights of the interstate cars,
Passing me by, the busses and the semis,
Plugging like stones from a slingshot from mars.

But I'm here on the road, bound to the load,
That I picked up in ten thousand cafes and bars.
Alone with the rush of the drivers that won't pick me up,
The highway, the moon, and clouds and the stars.

Black throated wind, keeps on pourin' in,
With it's words of a life where nothing is new,
Ah, mother american night, I pass from the light,
Ah, I'm drownin' in you.

I left St. Louie, city of blues,
In the midst of a storm I'd rather forget.
I tried to pretend it came to an end,
Cause you weren't the women I once thought I'd met.

But I can't deny, times have gone by,
Well I never had doubts or thoughts of regret,
And I was a man when all this began,
Who wouldn't think twice about being there yet.

Black throated wind, whisper in sin,
And speaking on life that passes like dew.
It's forced me to see you've done better by me,
Better by me that I've done by you.

Now what's to be found by racing around,
you carry your pain wherever you go,
Full of blues, and tryin' to lose,
You ain't gonna learn what you don't wanna know.

So I give you my eyes and all of their lies,
Please help them to learn as well as to see.
Capture a glance, and make it dance,
But looking at you is looking at me.

Black throated wind, keeps on pourin' in,
With it's words of a life that could almost be true,
Ah, mother American night, here comes a light.
I'm turning around, that's what I'm gonna do.

Going back home that's what I'm gonna do.
I'm turning around, that's what I'm gonna do.
Going back home that's what I'm gonna do.
Cause you've done better by me than I've done by you,
I'm drowning in you.
